Update usage info for FlightIcon component (#1566)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/icons/usage-guidelines/partials/code/how-to-use.md

For more information on why this may be helpful in certain scenarios, see [DS-049 - Improve Ember Flight Icons Loading Performance](https://go.hashi.co/rfc/ds-049).

### Adding icons to React apps

> To use icons in a React application, install the `@hashicorp/flight-icons` package and import the icons as either inline SVGs or as a standalone React/SVG component.

Reviewer: Should we keep the same language in this paragraph
```suggestion
To add icons to a React application, install the `@hashicorp/flight-icons` package and import the icons as either inline SVGs or as a standalone React/SVG component.
```

</svg>
```

Because the icons are hidden to assistive technology, they cannot be used on their own and must be used inside of an element with an accessible name.

> The [Hds::Button](/components/button?tab=code#icon-only-button) component automatically provides this support, but if you make a custom element, or want to use a FlightIcon inside of a native HTML element like your own button element, ensure that an `aria-label` attribute is added, like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Hds::Button](/components/button?tab=code#icon-only-button) component automatically provides this support, but if you make a custom element, or want to use a `FlightIcon` inside of a native HTML element like your own button element, ensure that an `aria-label` attribute is added, like this:
```
